# SNHU-CS-360

The app I made for this class was an inventory app for managing item inventory in a warehouse.  It is a simple database system that relies on a user and inventory database.  Its sign in was designed simply to add to the database if new user was selected, or to log in if a previous user existed.  

My app consisted of three main parts, the sign in screen, inventory screen, and add inventory screen.  These were the foundation that other classes were focused on.  All other classes exist in some way to support funciton of the main three.  Many of them were additional classes made to seperate some funcitonality to keep single classes from being too bloated.  One of the most difficult implementations was using my layout for items in the inventory grid.  In order to use my SQLite database, I had to find a way to read it, translate it, and pull it to the entry without leaving the database open (which would prevent new entries).

My solution involved three seperate inventory classes.  Inventory.java which was responsible for getters and setters, InventoryAdapter.java which had to adapt the raw code from the database into something the item layout could use, and the InventoryDatabase.java class which containted the logic for updating, deleting, and getting data from the database.  Fortunatly I did not have this issue with the UserDatabase as I could just pull it with the username the user had entered without any need for complex logic.

The entire process took a massive amount of testing and debugging.  I also made the mistake of using bad labels for buttons and text views like textview3.  This was due to using the layout editor and not going back and editing the XML file at the time.  Doing so would have saved me a lot of time and confusion.  In the end I went back and changed it while changing my comments before completing the project.
